README.md, before:

***

<p align="center">
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/volume-control-boost-volume/"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/585534/107280546-7b9b2a00-6a26-11eb-8f9f-f95932f4bfec.png" alt="Get Volume Control for Firefox"></a>
<a href="https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/ipbghdjdmefdioebhaneohmkidjakfbc"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/585534/107280673-a5ece780-6a26-11eb-9cc7-9fa9f9f81180.png" alt="Get Volume Control for Microsoft Edge"></a>
</p>

***
Newest update: Added Storage options, allowing the user to blacklist the extension from running on sites where the extension breaks functionality.

Planned features: Added to chrome extension store,


⚠ Important: To add functionality to more websites, the permission "all_urls" was necessary, however with the recent update to manifest v3, it's optional. If the extension can't access audio on a certain site do the following: Right click the extension, click "manage extension", click the permission tab, allow "Access your data for all websites". This is a necessary permission to access iframes. The extension is open source and fully adheres to this repository. There's no form of analytics in this extension. So don't be afraid of the permissions.


![image](https://github.com/Chaython/volumecontrol/assets/6486343/9265c022-fc42-4b1d-ab46-be7e2f338e4b)



![image](https://github.com/Chaython/volumecontrol/assets/6486343/9d2573f6-70ab-4d14-acbe-7707f702a4f5)


Supports HTML5 video and audio only (no Flash).

***
![image](https://github.com/Chaython/volumecontrol/assets/6486343/869834b4-04ba-470e-8978-c7d1b1d26ddc)

Other Useful Extensions: 
https://github.com/Chaython/TogglePIP (Allow a site to run PIP consistently with an [Left Alt]+[P] toggle.)
https://github.com/Chaython/NTP (A NTP extension that offers custom shapes, colors, search providers....)

Commit message:

refactor: rebrand extension with modern UI and updated assets
- Rename extension to "BoomSlider" and update description
- Replace old icon with modern SVG version
- Update manifest.json with new branding and icon reference
- Clean up README.md with new branding and simplified content
- Remove deprecated LICENSE file (license now included in README)

README.md, after:

---
<p align="center">
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/volume-control-boost-volume/"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/585534/107280546-7b9b2a00-6a26-11eb-8f9f-f95932f4bfec.png" alt="Get Volume Control for Firefox"></a>
</p>
---

Main Changes -
Modernised UI,
Changes branding a bit
cleaned up the css code

Planned features: Added to edge extension store,

⚠ Important: To add functionality to more websites, the permission "all_urls" was necessary, however with the recent update to manifest v3, it's optional. If the extension can't access audio on a certain site do the following: Right click the extension, click "manage extension", click the permission tab, allow "Access your data for all websites". This is a necessary permission to access iframes. The extension is open source and fully adheres to this repository. There's no form of analytics in this extension. So don't be afraid of the permissions.

Supports HTML5 video and audio only (no Flash).

License: MIT
Copyright (c) 2020 Dustin Fechner <d.fechner@protonmail.ch>

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
